##################################################################
# CYTOSCAPE LICENSE AGREEMENT                                    #
# http://www.cytoscape.org                                       #
#                                                                # 
# Copyright (c) 2002 Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research #
# Copyright (c) 2002 Institute for Systems Biology               #
#                                                                # 
##################################################################

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are subject to the
terms of the following license agreement:

This License Agreement (the "AGREEMENT") is made between the Whitehead
Institute for Biomedical Research / Institute for Systems Biology
("LICENSORS"), and the individual downloading the software
("LICENSEE"), and is effective at the date the downloading is
completed ("EFFECTIVE DATE").  The Whitehead is a non-for-profit
organisation whose principal place of business is Nine Cambridge
Center, Cambridge, MA 02142; the Institute for Systems Biology is a
non-for-profit organisation whose principal place of business is 1441
North 34th Street, Seattle, WA 98103.  These LICENSORS are the owner
of certain right, title and interest in the computer program entitled
CYTOSCAPE and related documentation (the "PROGRAM").  LICENSEE wishes
to obtain and LICENSORS agree to grant a non-exclusive license to use
the program for non-commercial research and educational purposes only
under the terms of the AGREEMENT.  LICENSORS and LICENSEE, in
consideration of the above, agree as follows:

1. LICENSORS hereby grant to LICENSEE nonexclusive rights to use the
PROGRAM from the EFFECTIVE DATE for non-commercial research and
educational purposes only, without any rights whatsoever to
redistribute the program, under the terms and conditions of the
AGREEMENT.  LICENSORS retain all ownership rights in the PROGRAM,
including patent rights, copyrights and licensing rights.  No rights,
express or implied, for use other than specified in this AGREEMENT are
transferred.

2. LICENSEE agrees to restrict the use of the PROGRAM to him or
herself for research and educational purposes only.  LICENSEE agrees
to use the PROGRAM only at the site where the PROGRAM is downloaded.  

3. LICENSEE agrees that the PROGRAM will not be used as the basis of a
commercial software or hardware product and that the same will not be
rewritten in another computer language or otherwise adapted to
circumvent the need for obtaining a license from LICENSORS for use of
the PROGRAM other than as specified by this AGREEMENT.

4.  The names of the Institute for Systems Biology, the Whitehead
Institute, or M.I.T. may not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software.  LICENSEE agrees to acknowledge use of the
PROGRAM in any publication resulting from use of the PROGRAM according
to academic tradition.

5. LICENSEE acknowledges that title to the PROGRAM (including
copyright) will remain with LICENSORS and that any copies of the
PROGRAM or portions of the PROGRAM made by LICENSEE shall include a
LICENSORS copyright notice in the same format and location as the copy
received by the LICENSEE under this agreement.

6.  LICENSEE accepts the above materials on an "AS IS"
basis. LICENSORS are under no obligation to load the PROGRAM onto
LICENSEE machines, test for proper operation, perform any debugging,
make any corrections, provide maintenance, provide any updates, or
assist in the understanding or use of the PROGRAM.  The PROGRAM is a
research program, and LICENSORS do not represent that it is free of
errors or bugs or suitable for any particular tasks.

7.  LICENSEE agrees to forward to LICENSORS any modifications,
corrections or debugging of the PROGRAM; such alterations will be the
property of LICENSORS.  Such information shall be sent by email to
cytostaff@cytoscape.org.

8. LICENSEE AGREES THAT THE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER ARE MADE
AVAILABLE WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND FURTHER
INCLUDING NO WARRANTY AS TO CONFORMITY WITH WHATEVER USER MANUALS OR
OTHER LITERATURE MAY BE ISSUED FROM TIME TO TIME.  NOTHING IN THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS A REPRESENTATION MADE OR WARRANTY
GIVEN BY LICENSORS THAT THE PRACTICE BY LICENSEE OF THE LICENSE
GRANTED HEREUNDER SHALL NOT INFRINGE THE PATENT RIGHTS, COPYRIGHTS, OR
OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY.  IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE LICENSORS OR THEIR TRUSTEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,
AGENTS AND ASSOCIATES BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ECONOMIC DAMAGE OR INJURY TO PROPERTY
AND LOST PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER LICENSORS SHALL BE ADVISED,
SHALL HAVE OTHER REASON TO KNOW, OR IN FACT SHALL KNOW OF THE
POSSIBILITY.

9. LICENSEE shall at all times during the term of this AGREEMENT and
thereafter, indemnify, defend and hold harmless LICENSORS and their
trustees, directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates,
against all claims, proceedings, demands, and liabilities of any kind
whatsoever, including legal expenses and reasonable attorneys fees,
arising out of, connected with, resulting from or sustained as a
result of use of the PROGRAM by LICENSEE.  In no event shall LICENSORS
be liable for special, direct, indirect or consequential damages,
losses, costs, charges, claims, demands, fees or expenses of any
nature or kind.

10.  This AGREEMENT shall be construed, governed, interpreted and
applied in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, U.S.A.

11.  The term of the AGREEMENT is one year (the "Term").  At the end
of the Term, the AGREEMENT shall be automatically renewed under the
same terms and conditions unless LICENSORS indicate otherwise.
LICENSORS shall have the right to terminate this AGREEMENT for any
reason by giving thirty (30) days written notice to LICENSEE.  Upon
termination for any reason, LICENSEE agrees to destroy the original
and all copies, including partial copies of the PROGRAM.

12.  The parties agree that this AGREEMENT is the entire AGREEMENT,
and shall not be subject to any change or modification except in
writing by both parties.

13. The provisions of this AGREEMENT are severable, and if any
provisions of this AGREEMENT are determined to be invalid or
unenforceable, such determination shall not in any way affect the
validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
----------------------------------------------------------------


